release: v1.51.0 (#5642)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_error_locations.md

### Gracefully handle subgraph response with `-1` values inside error locations ([PR #5633](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5633))

> [GraphQL specification requires](https://spec.graphql.org/draft/#sel-GAPHRPFCCaCGX5zM) that both "line" and "column" are positive numbers. 
> However GraphQL Java and GraphQL Kotlin use `{ "line": -1, "column": -1 }` value if they can't determine error location inside query. 
> 
> This change makes Router to gracefully handle such responses by ignoring such invalid locations.
> 
> As an example, if subgraph respond with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This router now gracefully handles responses that contain invalid values for error locations in queries by ignoring the invalid locations.

This change resolves the problem of GraphQL Java and GraphQL Kotlin using `{ "line": -1, "column": -1 }` values if they can't determine an error's location in a query, but the GraphQL specification [requires both `line` and `column` to be positive numbers](https://spec.graphql.org/draft/#sel-GAPHRPFCCaCGX5zM).  

As an example, a subgraph can respond with invalid error locations:
```

```json
{
    "data": { "topProducts": null },
    "errors": [{
        "message":"Some error on subgraph",
        "locations": [
            { "line": -1, "column": -1 },
        ],
        "path":["topProducts"]
    }]
}
```

> Router will return following to a client:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this change, the router returns a response that ignores the invalid locations:

```
